c:\users\geryb_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\bin\Debug\MediaPlayer.exe.config
c:\users\geryb_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\bin\Debug\MediaPlayer.exe
c:\users\geryb_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\bin\Debug\MediaPlayer.pdb
c:\users\geryb_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\obj\Debug\MediaPlayer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\geryb_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\geryb_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\geryb_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\geryb_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\obj\Debug\MediaPlayer_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\geryb_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\obj\Debug\MediaPlayer.g.resources
c:\users\geryb_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\obj\Debug\MediaPlayer.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\geryb_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\obj\Debug\MediaPlayer.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\geryb_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\obj\Debug\MediaPlayer.exe
c:\users\geryb_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\obj\Debug\MediaPlayer.pdb
C:\Users\geryb_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
C:\Users\geryb_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.resources.dll
C:\Users\geryb_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.resources.dll
C:\Users\geryb_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.resources.dll
C:\Users\geryb_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.resources.dll
C:\Users\geryb_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.resources.dll
C:\Users\geryb_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.resources.dll
C:\Users\geryb_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.resources.dll
C:\Users\geryb_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.resources.dll
C:\Users\geryb_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.resources.dll
C:\Users\geryb_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\obj\Debug\MediaPlayer.Load.resources
C:\Users\geryb_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\obj\Debug\MediaPlayer.Save.resources
C:\Users\geryb_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\bin\Debug\policy.2.0.taglib-sharp.dll
C:\Users\geryb_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\bin\Debug\taglib-sharp.dll
C:\Users\geryb_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\bin\Debug\policy.2.0.taglib-sharp.config
C:\Users\geryb_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\bin\Debug\Id3Lib.pdb
C:\Users\geryb_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MediaPlayer\MediaPlayer\obj\Debug\MediaPlayer_MarkupCompile.lref
